Add Baler module install and config instructions (#6944)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/deploy/static-content-deployment.md

Static content deployment (SCD) has a significant impact on the store deployment process that depends on how much content to generate—such as images, scripts, CSS, videos, themes, locales, and web pages—and when to generate the content. For example, the default strategy generates static content during the [deploy phase]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/deploy/cloud-deployment-process.html#-deploy-phase) when the site is in maintenance mode; however, this deployment strategy takes time to write the content directly to the mounted `pub/static` directory. You have several options or strategies to help you improve the deployment time depending on your needs.

> ## Optimize javascript and css content builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Optimize JavaScript and HTML content
```

> You can use bundling and minification to build optimized javascript and html content for static content deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use bundling and minification to build optimized JavaScript and HTML content during static content deployment.
```

### Bundle JavaScript files

JavaScript bundling is an optimization technique you can use to reduce the number of server requests for JavaScript files.

For {{site.data.var.ece}} projects, you can use the Magento [Baler](https://github.com/magento/baler) extension to scan generated JavaScript code and create an optimized JavaScript bundle during the build process. Deploying the optimized bundle to your site can reduce the number of network requests when loading your site and improve page load times.

You must install and configure your project to use Baler.

{:.procedure}
To install and configure Baler:

1. Use the following Baler extension information to [install the the Baler extension]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/howtos/install-components.html#install) in a {{site.var.data.ece}} development branch.

   ```text

>    module name: fastly/magento2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   module name: magento/module-baler
```

   repository: https://github.com/magento/m2-baler
   ```

1. In the same environment, update the `config.php` project configuration file with the following settings to enable the javascript bundling options required to use Baler.

   > `config.php`

   ```php
       'js' => [
         'merge_files' => '0',
         'minify_files' => '0',
         'enable_js_bundling' => '0',
         'enable_baler_js_bundling' => '1',

>    ```

Reviewer: There should probably be a bit more context for this (also we typically use 4 spaces to indent):

```php
'system' => [
    'default' => [
        'dev' => [
            'js' => [
                'merge_files' => '0',
                'minify_files' => '0',
                'enable_js_bundling' => '0',
                'enable_baler_js_bundling' => '1',
            ],
        ],
    ],
],
```

   {:.bs-callout-tip}
   If you do not have a copy of the `config.php` file in your development branch, see [Recommended procedure to manage your settings]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/live/sens-data-over.html#cloud-config-specific-recomm) to learn how to generate and use this file to manage Magento store configuration for Cloud projects.

> 1. Update your `.magento.env.yaml` environment configuration file to enable the SCD_USE_BALER option during the build process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update your `.magento.env.yaml` environment configuration file to enable the `SCD_USE_BALER` option during the build process:
```

   >  `.magento.env.yaml`

   ```yaml
   stage:
      build:
         SCD_USE_BALER:
            - "index.php"

>    ```

Reviewer: ```yaml
stage:
    build:
        SCD_USE_BALER: true
```

>    ```

Author: ```suggestion
         SCD_USE_BALER:true
   ```
```

> 1. Update the .magento.app.yaml `hooks` configuration with the Node Version Manager (nvm) configuration that Baler requires to generate the Javascript bundle:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Update the .magento.app.yaml `hooks` configuration with the Node Version Manager (nvm) configuration that Baler requires to generate the Javascript bundle.
```

> 1. Update the .magento.app.yaml `hooks` configuration with the Node Version Manager (nvm) configuration that Baler requires to generate the Javascript bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the `.magento.app.yaml` `hooks` configuration to install Node Version Manager (nvm) and the required version of Node for Baler.
```

   > `.magento.app.yaml`

   ```yaml
   hooks:
      build: |
         unset NPM_CONFIG_PREFIX
         curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/v0.35.2/install.sh | dash
         export NVM_DIR="$HOME/.nvm"
         [ -s "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh" ] && \. "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh"
         nvm install --lts=dubnium

>    ```

Reviewer: Extra context here is helpful so devs know they need to install NVM & Node _before_ running ECE Tools:
```yaml
hooks:
    build: |
        set -e
        
        unset NPM_CONFIG_PREFIX
        curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/v0.35.2/install.sh | dash
        export NVM_DIR="$HOME/.nvm"
        [ -s "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh" ] && \. "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh"
        nvm install --lts=dubnium
        
        php ./vendor/bin/ece-tools build:generate
        php ./vendor/bin/ece-tools build:transfer

```

>    ```

Author: ```suggestion
   ```yaml
   hooks:
       build: |
           set -e
        
           unset NPM_CONFIG_PREFIX
           curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/v0.35.2/install.sh | dash
           export NVM_DIR="$HOME/.nvm"
           [ -s "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh" ] && \. "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh"
           nvm install --lts=dubnium
           
           php ./vendor/bin/ece-tools build:generate
           php ./vendor/bin/ece-tools build:transfer
   
   ```
```
